.TH "GIT-RANDOM" 1 "August 12 2024" "git-random 2.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
git-random \- build random-content Git trees quickly
.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBgit random\fR [(\fI\<count\>\fR | \fB--count=\fR\fI\<count\>\fR)]
    [(\fB--modify\fR | \fB--modify=\fR\fI\<refname\>\fR)]
    [\fB--intermediary-commit=\fR(\fItrue\fR | \fIfalse\fR)]

\fBgit random\fR (\fBhelp\fR | \fB--help\fR)

\fBgit random\fR (\fB--version\fR | \fB-v\fR)

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgit-random\fR is a tool for helping with Git practice and experimentation.
Build commit history quickly by creating and committing randomly-named files
with random content.

.SH COMMANDS
The following commands are available:

.IP \(bu
\fBgit random\fR [(\fI\<count\>\fR | \fB--count=\fR\fI\<count\>\fR)]
    [(\fB--modify\fR | \fB--modify=\fR\fI\<refname\>\fR)]
    [\fB--intermediary-commit=\fR(\fItrue\fR | \fIfalse\fR)]

Appends a line of random content to a new .txt file, and commits the change.
By default the file is a new one, named with the same random content.

Use the \fBcount\fR option to create multiple commits in one run.
For example, \`\fBgit random 2\fR\` or \`\fBgit random --count=2\fR\` will make two commits.

Use the \fBmodify\fR option to modify an existing commit.
\`\fBgit random --modify\fR\` appends a line of random content to the last file listed in
\fIHEAD\fR's \fBgit log\fR. \`\fBgit random --modify=\fI\<refname\>\fR\`
appends a line of random content to the last file listed in \fI\<refname\>\fR's \fBgit log\fR,
creating the file if necessary.

Combining \fBcount\fR and \fBmodify\fR will make multiple commits all modifying the same ref's version of the same file.

By default, \fBgit-random\fR offloads the generation of random IDs to
\fBgit-commit\fR. This increases the likelihood that IDs are unique per repo.
But it leaves dangling commits (until Git's garbage collection removes them),
and leaves noise in the reflog. To opt of this, pass the option
\fB--intermediary-commit=false\fR. IDs will still be random. See also \fIConfig\fR.

.IP \(bu
\fBgit random\fR (\fBhelp\fR | \fB--help\fR)

Show this document.

.IP \(bu
\fBgit random\fR (\fB--version\fR | \fB-v\fR)

Show the current version.

.SH CONFIGURATION

Set \fBgit config random.intermediaryCommit\fR to \fItrue\FR or \fIfalse\fR
to configure the \fB--intermediary-commit\fR default.

.SH AUTHORS

Henry Bley\-Vroman <olets@olets.dev>
